about you your experience and clarify maybe some doubts that you may have okay about this position
so um i would like to start talking about solvo so always an outsourcing that works with clients
in the us and spain to prove a looking for candidates in latam kenya philippines to work
with different clients so we have many sites in latam and europe and some other countries
and we keep growing so i would like to hear now about you luciano um what do you like to do in
your free time um my free time i really like watching movies series i like to go to the gym
i like here running i like he go out and see some friends and i i think he is this
okay do you practice any type of sport yes professional or just like a hobby
uh do you want to know more about the design or the things like this
all right and um perfect so um can you also uh i would like to talk about your work experience so
can you tell me a little bit about about the web designing experience that you have feels like a
brief summary um i worked at before with graph design web design and i worked with
uh in graph with web design in a chance but now my focus is what's why design in the framing and so now i
focus in creating websites language pages and other things like this all right perfect uh how many years
do you have working as a web designer do you have working as a web designer i think three years or
something like this i don't remember yeah all right but with with design is uh for ease
all right and do you have maybe any plans to travel or take vacations in the following uh three months
no i don't have plans for this okay and also well that's basically it um let me tell you about the
client well you already know them uh so they're a basically team um i'm sorry they are a agency that
partners with service based uh business across the united states to help them to uh grow through
strategy design and digital execution so your responsibilities uh in this role would be design
and build responsive website using especially frame a primer in uh other node code platforms implement
cms structures ensure this co best practices uh manage topography color system and global styles among others
so this is a fully remote position um monday to friday we work
uh so it's a flexible schedule like the pre-term schedule is monday to friday 8am to 6pm cst but
there the client is flexible okay okay um now talking about salary can you remind me your salary
expectations expectations please i think i sent for you is a 1500 to 2000 i think i sent for you in linkaging this
yeah so i offered you uh 1600 dollars as contractor all right so we're good with that right
yes okay uh now you have some more benefits with solvo such as solvo university where you can access to
some free courses uh for example power bi english excel for your your family members also some discounting
some brands and also the career path so after uh six months working with with a client or even three
months that depends on your on the client your performance so you can keep growing and of course
the salary incrementation um let me know if you have any questions so far um i think i don't don't
have it no i i have a question about the the bank the do you know do you talk for me uh
uh one person will send my message for me for create uh uh account yes yeah so uh the hr department
will be in contact with you most likely next week at the beginning of next week to explain it to help you
also to open your account uh to explain uh maybe the tops that you may have regarding this um this platform
okay so i will also be sending you at the beginning of next week or if i if i can today afternoon uh like
the offer letter for you to to check it well it's the same information i just gave you uh and that's
basically it so if you have any other question feel free to send me a message i think i don't have a
don't have any more questions okay perfectly so we talk with the client december the first
it's perfect to start and uh selva will send you the equipment um to your location so yes any uh next
week not really sure what day but they will be in contact with you to let you know that that information
as well um i think that's it okay thank you for the opportunity and vendor for everything my pleasure
luciano thank you for this uh your time in this meeting and have a good day you too bye
so
Thank you.